Explain the limits specified in `problem.yaml` (#559)
Kattis/problem-package-format: spec/2025-09.md

Key                  | Description                                              | Default        | Typical system default
-------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- | -------------- | ----------------------
`time_multipliers`   | optional map, see [Problem timing](#problem-timing)      | see below      |
`time_limit`         | optional float > 0, see [Problem timing](#problem-timing)| see below      |
`time_resolution`    | optional float > 0, in seconds                           | 1.0            |
`memory`             | optional int > 0, in MiB                                 | system default | 2048
`output`             | optional int > 0, in MiB                                 | system default | 8
`code`               | optional int > 0, in KiB                                 | system default | 128

The `time_limit` specifies the maximum CPU time a submission may use per test case.
Systems are also permitted to enforce a reasonable wall-clock time limit to handle submissions that consume little CPU time (e.g., by sleeping or blocking on I/O).

The `memory` limit specifies the maximum memory a submission may use.

> The `output` limit specifies the maximum total size of output a submission may produce, including standard output, standard error, and any files created (when file writing is allowed).

Author: I fixed this by specifying that the entire size of any modified file is what counts. I think this makes the most sense.

> The `code` limit specifies the maximum total size of the source code of a submission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `code` limit specifies the maximum total size of the submitted files of a submission.
```

Resource guarantees specify the minimum resources a judging system must provide for compilation, validation, and visualization.
If a system cannot provide the guaranteed resources, it should reject the problem package at install time.
A system may provide more resources than specified, but must provide at least the guaranteed amount.

Key                  | Description                    | Default        | Typical system default
-------------------- | ------------------------------ | -------------- | ----------------------
`compilation_time`   | optional int > 0, in seconds   | system default | 60
`compilation_memory` | optional int > 0, in MiB       | system default | 2048
`validation_time`    | optional int > 0, in seconds   | system default | 60
`validation_memory`  | optional int > 0, in MiB       | system default | 2048
`validation_output`  | optional int > 0, in MiB       | system default | 8

The `compilation_time` and `compilation_memory` limits apply to compiling submissions.
If a submission exceeds these limits during compilation, the verdict is Compile Error.

The `validation_time`, `validation_memory`, and `validation_output` limits apply to running output validators.

> (Input validators are run at problem preparation time, not during judging, so these limits do not apply to them.)

Reviewer 2: This is important, no parentheses please 😄 
```suggestion
Input validators are run at problem preparation time, not during judging, so these limits do not apply to them.
```
